---
title: Terms of Service
description: The Terms of Service for the model sharing platform Civitai
---

Last Updated: 12/26/23

Welcome, and thank you for your interest in Civit AI, Inc. (“Civitai,” “we,” or “us”) and our website at [www.civitai.com](https://www.civitai.com), along with our related websites, hosted applications, mobile or other downloadable applications, and other services provided by us (collectively, the “Service”). These Terms of Service are a legally binding contract between you and Civitai regarding your use of the Service.

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY:
BY CLICKING “I ACCEPT,” OR BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD, AND, AS A CONDITION TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING CIVITAI’S PRIVACY POLICY (TOGETHER, THESE “TERMS”). IF YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE, OR DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS, THEN YOU DO NOT HAVE OUR PERMISSION TO USE THE SERVICE. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, AND CIVITAI’S PROVISION OF THE SERVICE TO YOU, CONSTITUTES AN AGREEMENT BY CIVITAI AND BY YOU TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.

ARBITRATION NOTICE. EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN KINDS OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN SECTION 18 (DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION), YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES ARISING UNDER THESE TERMS WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, AND BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, YOU AND CIVITAI ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.

1. **Civitai Service Overview.** Civitai is a platform designed to boost the creation and exploration of AI models and AI-generated media. We offer an environment where users of the Service (“Users”) may be able to generate images (“Generated Images”) on the Service, as well as upload, share, and discover custom machine learning models (“Models”) that have been trained on distinct datasets to generate art or media in a specific style.

2. **Eligibility.** You must be at least 18 years old to use the Service. By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant to us that: (a) you are at least 18 years old; (b) you have not previously been suspended or removed from the Service; and (c) your registration and your use of the Service is in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations. If you are an entity, organization, or company, the individual accepting these Terms on your behalf represents and warrants that they have authority to bind you to these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms.

3. **Accounts and Registration.** To access most features of the Service, you must register for an account, whether directly or through a third party integration (“Account”). When you register for an Account, you may be required to provide us with some information about yourself, such as your name, username, email address, or other contact information. You agree that the information you provide to us is accurate, complete, and not misleading, and that you will keep it accurate and up to date at all times. When you register, you will be asked to create a password. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account and password, and you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your Account. If you believe that your Account is no longer secure, then you should immediately notify us at [support@civitai.com](mailto:support@civitai.com).

4. **Buzz.** Citivai may offer and accept on-platform points (“Buzz”). In addition to these Terms, your use of Buzz is subject to the [Buzz Terms and Conditions](https://civitai.com/content/buzz/terms), which are incorporated into these Terms by this reference.

5. **General Payment Terms.** Certain features of the Service may require you to pay fees. Before you pay any fees, you will have an opportunity to review and accept the fees that you will be charged. Unless otherwise specifically provided for in these Terms, all fees are in U.S. Dollars or Buzz and are non-refundable, except as required by law.

- 5.1 **Price.** Civitai reserves the right to determine pricing for the Service. Civitai will make reasonable efforts to keep pricing information published on the Service up to date. We encourage you to check our pricing page(s) periodically for current pricing information. Civitai may change the fees for any feature of the Service, including additional fees or charges, if Civitai gives you advance notice of changes before they apply. Civitai, at its sole discretion, may make promotional offers with different features and different pricing to any of Civitai’s customers. These promotional offers, unless made to you, will not apply to you.

- 5.2 **Monetization of Creator Content.** As a creator (“Creator”), you may make your User Content (defined below) available to other Users for purchase, for example, on a one-time basis or on a subscription basis. You may determine the pricing and/or subscription tiers for your offerings at your discretion. All purchase prices will be as stated. In order to satisfy our tax obligations, we may collect tax identification information and, in certain circumstances, report this information and earnings to tax authorities as legally required. If required by applicable law, Civitai will issue you a Form 1099-K at year end. For purposes of Forms 1099-K, Civitai will treat all Creator earnings as earned for the sales of goods or services. In such circumstances, you will provide us with accurate tax identification information, and we may report this information and earnings to tax authorities as legally required. You are responsible for reporting any income, withholding, or other earnings-based taxes which may be due as a result of money you’ve earned on Civitai. We may be responsible for a number of transactional taxes across the world. These include, but are not limited to, Valued Added Tax, Goods and Services Tax and other local service or sales taxes in non-US locations, as well as state sales tax in the United States. In locales where we are required to collect transaction tax. invoices presented to and payments processed from will include the tier or custom payment amount plus the applicable tax.

- 5.3 **Purchase of Creator Content.** If you purchase any offerings of Creators through the Service, you agree to pay on a one-time or subscription basis as specified by the Creators. You agree that Creators have the right to determine pricing and/or subscription tiers for their offerings and may adjust such from time to time at their discretion. You are solely responsible for ensuring that you have sufficient Buzz in your Account for your purchase(s) and agree that your purchase(s) may be denied or canceled in the event that your Account balance is insufficient. If any User Content or channels are offered on a subscription basis, they will be subject to Section 5.7 below.

- 5.4 **Refund**. As a customer, you are eligible for a refund in the following situations:
  - Recurring Technical Problems: If ongoing technical difficulties hinder your use of the platform.
  - Failure to Receive Buzz: If Buzz you've bought isn't received or added to your account due to technical Issues.
  - Flawed Resource: If digital products you've trained are substantially flawed beyond what could be reasonably attributed to user error.

  We retain the right to refuse a refund in the event:
  - You were muted or removed from the platform for breaking content guidelines
  - You are unable to get results to your satisfaction through no technical fault of the platform.
  - You have changed your mind.

  Civitai will grant you a refund if any User Content you purchased through the Service was removed or taken down from the Service by us or by the Creator in compliance with the applicable requirements under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Refunds will be given in Buzz for platform services and credited to your Account upon request or within a reasonable time.

- 5.5 **Payment Processing.** Civitai may contract with a third party to process payments submitted through the Service (the “Payment Processor”). Users may be required to provide their payment method details to the Payment Processor. Before you pay for Buzz through the Payment Processor, you will have an opportunity to review the amounts that you will be charged.

- 5.6 **Authorization.** You authorize Civitai to charge all sums for the orders or purchases that you make and any level of Service you select as described in these Terms or published by Civitai, including all applicable taxes, to the payment method specified in your Account or otherwise provided to us. If you pay any fees with a credit card, then Civitai may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account prior to your purchase to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase.

- 5.7 **Subscription Service.** You may be able to subscribe to certain channels or subscription-based plans offered by Creators or by us through the Service, with automatically recurring payments for periodic charges (“Subscription Service”). The “Subscription Billing Date” is the date when you purchase your first subscription to the Subscription Service. The Subscription Service will begin on the Subscription Billing Date and continue for the subscription period that you select (such period, the “Initial Subscription Period”), and will automatically renew for successive periods of the same duration as the Initial Subscription Period (the Initial Subscription Period and each such renewal period, each a “Subscription Period”) unless you cancel the Subscription Service, or the Creator or we terminate it. If you activate a Subscription Service, then you authorize Civitai or the Payment Processor to periodically charge, on a going-forward basis and until cancellation of the Subscription Service, all accrued sums (in Buzz or in another currency) on or before the payment due date. Your Account will be charged automatically on the Subscription Billing Date and thereafter on the renewal date of your Subscription Service for all applicable fees and taxes for the next Subscription Period. You must cancel your Subscription Service before it renews in order to avoid billing of the next periodic Subscription Fee to your account. Civitai or Payment Processor will bill the periodic Subscription Fee to the payment method associated with your Account or that you otherwise provide to us. You may cancel the Subscription Service by following the instructions in your Account or contacting us at support@civitai.com. YOUR CANCELLATION MUST BE RECEIVED BEFORE THE RENEWAL DATE IN ORDER TO AVOID CHARGE FOR THE NEXT SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD.

- 5.8 **Delinquent Accounts.** Civitai may suspend or terminate access to the Service, including fee-based portions of the Service, for any account for which any amount is due but unpaid. In addition to the amount due for the Service, a delinquent account will be charged with fees or charges that are incidental to any chargeback or collection of any the unpaid amount, including collection fees. If your payment method is no longer valid at the time a renewal Subscription Fee is due, then Civitai reserves the right to delete your account and any information or User Content (defined below) associated with your Account without any liability to you.

1. **Licenses**

- 6.1 **Limited License.** Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with these Terms, Civitai grants you, solely for your personal, non-commercial use, a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to: (a) install and use one object code copy of any mobile or other downloadable application associated with the Service (whether installed by you or pre-installed on your mobile device by the device manufacturer or a wireless telephone provider) on a mobile device that you own or control; and (b) access and use the Service.

- 6.2 **License Restrictions.** Except and solely to the extent such a restriction is impermissible under applicable law, you may not: (a) reproduce, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or create derivative works of the Service; (b) make modifications to the Service; or (c) interfere with or circumvent any feature of the Service, including any security or access control mechanism. If you are prohibited under applicable law from using the Service, then you may not use it.

- 6.3 **Feedback.** We respect and appreciate the thoughts and comments from our Users If you choose to provide input and suggestions regarding existing functionalities, problems with or proposed modifications or improvements to the Service (“Feedback”), then you hereby grant Civitai an unrestricted, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free right and license to exploit the Feedback in any manner and for any purpose, including to improve the Service and create other products and services. We will have no obligation to provide you with attribution for any Feedback you provide to us.

7. **Ownership; Proprietary Rights.** The Service is owned and operated by Civitai. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, data, computer code (including source code or object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the Service provided by Civitai (“Materials”) are protected by intellectual property and other laws. “Materials” does not include any User Content Posted by you or other Users. All Materials included in the Service are the property of Civitai or its third-party licensors. Except as expressly authorized by Civitai, you may not make use of the Materials. There are no implied licenses in these Terms and Civitai reserves all rights to the Materials not granted expressly in these Terms.

8. **Third-Party Terms**

- 8.1 **Third-Party Services and Linked Websites.** Civitai may provide tools through the Service that enable you to export information, including User Content, to third-party services, including through features that allow you to link your Account on the Service with an account on the third-party service, or through our implementation of third-party buttons (such as “like” or “share” buttons); provided, however, that you will not use the export functionality in violation of any license terms associated with such User Content. By using one of these tools, you hereby authorize Civitai to transfer that information to the applicable third-party service. Third-party services are not under Civitai’s control, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Civitai is not responsible for any third-party service’s use of your exported information. The Service may also contain links to third-party websites. Linked websites are not under Civitai’s control, and Civitai is not responsible for their content. Please be sure to review the terms of use and privacy policy of any third-party services before you share any User Content or information with such third-party services. Once sharing occurs, Civitai will have no control over the information that has been shared.

- 8.2 **Third-Party Software.** The Service may include or incorporate third-party software components that are generally available free of charge under licenses granting recipients broad rights to copy, modify, and distribute those components (“Third-Party Components”). Although the Service is provided to you subject to these Terms, nothing in these Terms prevents, restricts, or is intended to prevent or restrict you from obtaining Third-Party Components under the applicable third-party licenses or to limit your use of Third-Party Components under those third-party licenses.

9. **User Content**

- 9.1 **User Content Generally.** Certain features of the Service may permit Users to submit, upload, publish, broadcast, or otherwise transmit (“Post”) content to the Service, including reviews, photos, video or audio (including sound or voice recordings and musical recordings embodied in the video or audio), images, Models, Generated Images, algorithms, folders, data, text, and any other works of authorship or other works (“User Content”). You retain any copyright and other proprietary rights that you may hold in the User Content that you Post to the Service, subject to the licenses granted in these Terms.

- 9.2 **Limited License Grant to Civitai.** By Posting User Content to or via the Service, you grant Civitai a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid right and license (with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers) to host, store, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform (including by means of a digital audio transmission), communicate to the public, reproduce, modify for the purpose of formatting for display, create derivative works as authorized in these Terms, and distribute your User Content, in whole or in part, in any media formats and through any media channels, in each instance whether now known or hereafter developed. You agree to pay all monies owing to any person or entity resulting from Posting your User Content and from Civitai’s exercise of the license set forth in this Section. You agree that if you set any of your User Content as “public,” your User Content may be viewed by other Users, and you hereby grant each User a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use, display, publish, reproduce, distribute, and make derivative works of that User Content through the Service, unless a another license is specified by you on your page for your User Content. If you set your User Content as “private,” we will use commercially reasonable measures designed to keep such User Content confidential and protected from unauthorized access or disclosure by a third party, subject to our rights to access and use such User Content under these Terms and our Privacy Policy.

- 9.3 **You Must Have Rights to the Content You Post; User Content Representations and Warranties.** You must not Post User Content if you are not the owner of or are not fully authorized to grant rights in all of the elements of that User Content as set forth in these Terms. Civitai disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Content. You are solely responsible for (i) your User Content and the consequences of providing User Content via the Service, and (ii) all license terms related to User Content. By providing User Content via the Service, you affirm, represent, and warrant to us that:
  - (a) you are the creator and owner of the User Content, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to authorize Civitai and Users in the manner contemplated by Civitai, the Service, and these Terms;
  - (b) your User Content, and the Posting or other use of your User Content as contemplated by these Terms, does not and will not: (i) infringe, violate, misappropriate, or otherwise breach any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property, contract, or proprietary right; (ii) slander, defame, libel, or invade the right of privacy, publicity or other property rights of any other person; or (iii) cause Civitai to violate any law or regulation or require us to obtain any further licenses from or pay any royalties, fees, compensation or other amounts or provide any attribution to any third parties; and
  - (c) your User Content could not be deemed by a reasonable person to be objectionable, profane, indecent, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, hateful, or otherwise inappropriate.
- 9.4 **Bespoke License for Models.** You may choose to make your Models available for download or use by other Users. In such circumstances, you may license your Models under bespoke license terms (“Bespoke License”) generated via the Service. If you download or use Models Posted by other Users, you agree that your access to and use of such Models will be subject to the terms of the applicable Bespoke License associated with the Models. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your Account and your access to the Service upon becoming aware of your actual or potential violation of the applicable Bespoke License associated with a Model, with or without notice to you.

- 9.5 **User Content Disclaimer.** We are under no obligation to edit or control User Content that you or other Users Post and will not be in any way responsible or liable for User Content. Civitai may, however, at any time and without prior notice, screen, remove, edit, or block any User Content that in our sole judgment violates these Terms, is alleged to violate the rights of third parties, or is otherwise objectionable. You understand that, when using the Service, you will be exposed to User Content from a variety of sources and acknowledge that User Content may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. You agree to waive, and do waive, any legal or equitable right or remedy you have or may have against Civitai with respect to User Content.

- 9.6 **Content Moderation.** Civitai does not control and does not have any obligation to monitor: (a) User Content; (b) any content made available by third parties; or (c) the use of the Service by its Users. You acknowledge and agree that Civitai reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all information transmitted or received through the Service for operational and other purposes and moderate all User Content on the Services, at its discretion. If at any time Civitai chooses to monitor or moderate the content, then Civitai still assumes no responsibility or liability for content or any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of content. During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy (defined below).

  Moderators may flag content or Users at their reasonable discretion. If any User Content is flagged, our moderators will consider context and intent while enforcing these Terms and our policies. If notified by a User or content owner that User Content allegedly does not conform to these Terms, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove the User Content, which we reserve the right to do at any time and without notice. For clarity, Civitai does not permit infringing activities on the Service. Civitai may block, filter, mute, remove or disable access to any User Content uploaded to or transmitted through the Service without any liability to the User who Posted such User Content to the Service or to any other Users.

  **The following User Content is expressly prohibited and may be flagged by or for our moderators:**

- (a) Content depicting or intended to depict real individuals or minors (under 18) in a mature context. For a more detailed explanation, please [review our safety center for guidelines on depicting the likeness of real people and depicting minors](https://civitai.com/safety);
- (b) Content depicting or intended to depict photorealistic minors, regardless of context;
- (c) Content promoting illegal or violent activities, including, but not limited to:
  - child abuse and exploitation
  - rape and domestic abuse
  - illegal substances or product sales requiring permits/licenses (e.g., pharmaceuticals, narcotics, firearms)
  - fraud, deception, or false impersonation
  - brutal fights, graphic injuries, or human death
  - graphic violence or bestiality
- (d) "Loli", "lolicon", "shota", "shotacon" content;
- (e) Content depicting the excrement of "scat" or fecal matter;
- (f) Content falsely labeled as having been created or endorsed by another creator, or impersonates another creator on the Service.
  For additional information about how content is moderated, please review our Content Moderation Policy.

  Any content that violates one of the following terms above but has been self-censored using black bars, blurring, or other means may also be flagged or removed.

- 9.7 **Reporting and Appeals.** You are encouraged to report any inappropriate User Content that violate these Terms or our published policies. Reports can be submitted through our standard reporting mechanism, and should include relevant information to assist in the investigation. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate the accounts of Users who are found to be repeatedly violating these Terms or our published policies. Users can request an explanation or appeal a moderation decision by submitting an appeal through our Appeal Form for further review.

1.   **Communications**

- 10.1 **Push Notifications.** When you install our app on your mobile device, you agree to receive push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device when you are not in the app. You can turn off notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” page.

- 10.2 **Email.** We may send you emails concerning our products and services, as well as those of third parties. You may opt out of promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the promotional email itself.

11. **Prohibited Conduct. BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE NOT TO:**

- 11.1 use the Service for any illegal purpose or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law;

- 11.2 harass, threaten, demean, embarrass, bully, or otherwise harm any other User;

- 11.3 violate, encourage others to violate, or provide instructions on how to violate, any right of a third party, including by infringing or misappropriating any third-party intellectual property right;

- 11.4 access, search, or otherwise use any portion of the Service through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device, or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, and data mining tools) other than the software or search agents provided by Civitai;

- 11.5 interfere with security-related features of the Service, including by: (i) disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit use, printing or copying of any content; or (ii) reverse engineering or otherwise attempting to discover the source code of any portion of the Service except to the extent that the activity is expressly permitted by applicable law;

- 11.6 interfere with the operation of the Service or any User’s enjoyment of the Service, including by: (i) uploading or otherwise disseminating any virus, adware, spyware, worm, or other malicious code; (ii) making any unsolicited offer or advertisement to another User; (iii) collecting personal information about another User or third party without consent; or (iv) interfering with or disrupting any network, equipment, or server connected to or used to provide the Service;

- 11.7 perform any fraudulent activity including impersonating any person or entity, claiming a false affiliation or identity, accessing any other Service account without permission;

- 11.8 sell or otherwise transfer the access granted under these Terms or any Materials (as defined in Section 7 (Ownership; Proprietary Rights)) or any right or ability to view, access, or use any Materials; or

- 11.9 attempt to do any of the acts described in this Section 11 (Prohibited Conduct) or assist or permit any person in engaging in any of the acts described in this Section 11 (Prohibited Conduct).

12. **Intellectual Property Rights Protection**

- 12.1 **Respect of Third Party Rights.** Civitai respects the intellectual property rights of others, takes the protection of intellectual property rights very seriously, and asks Users to do the same. Infringing activity will not be tolerated on or through the Service.

- 12.2 **DMCA Notification.** We comply with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act applicable to Internet service providers (17 U.S.C. § 512, as amended). If you have an intellectual property rights-related complaint about any material on the Service, you may complete our [DMCA Report Form](https://forms.clickup.com/8459928/f/825mr-5904/HX69YZMDH2N3JJA1R4) or contact our Designated Agent at the following address:

  ```
  Civit AI, Inc.
  Attn: Legal Department (IP Notification)
  447 Sutter St
  Ste 405 PMB1283
  San Francisco, CA 94108
  Email: dmca@civitai.com
  ```

- 12.3 **Procedure for Reporting Claimed Infringement.** If you believe that any content made available on or through the Service has been used or exploited in a manner that infringes an intellectual property right you own or control, then please promptly send a written “Notification of Claimed Infringement” to the Designated Agent identified above containing the following information:

  - (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other right being infringed;
  - (b) a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property right that you claim has been infringed;
  - (c) a description of the material that you claim is infringing and where it is located on the Service;
  - (d) your address, telephone number, and email address;
  - (e) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the materials on the Service of which you are complaining is not authorized by the copyright or other intellectual property right owner, its agent, or the law; and
  - (f) a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright or other intellectual property right owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.

  Your Notification of Claimed Infringement may be shared by Civitai with the User alleged to have infringed a right you own or control as well as with the operators of publicly available databases that track notifications of claimed infringement, and you consent to Civitai making such disclosures. You should consult with your own lawyer or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm your obligations to provide a valid notice of claimed infringement.

- 12.4 **Repeat Infringers.** Civitai’s policy is to: (a) remove or disable access to material that Civitai believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property rights owner or authorized agent, is infringing the intellectual property rights of a third party by being made available through the Service; and (b) in appropriate circumstances, to terminate the accounts of and block access to the Service by any User who repeatedly or egregiously infringes other people’s copyright or other intellectual property rights. Civitai will terminate the accounts of Users that are determined by Civitai to be repeat infringers. Civitai reserves the right, however, to suspend or terminate accounts of Users in our sole discretion.

- 12.5 **Counter Notification.** If you receive a notification from Civitai that material made available by you on or through the Service has been the subject of a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then you will have the right to provide Civitai with what is called a “Counter Notification.” To be effective, a Counter Notification must be in writing, provided to Civitai’s Designated Agent through one of the methods identified in Section 12.2 (DMCA Notification), and include substantially the following information:

  - (a) your physical or electronic signature;
  - (b) identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
  - (c) a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
  - (d) your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if you are residing outside of the United States, then for any judicial district in which Civitai may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under Section 12.2 (DMCA Notification) above or an agent of that person.

  A party submitting a Counter Notification should consult a lawyer or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm the party’s obligations to provide a valid counter notification under the Copyright Act.

- 12.6 **Reposting of Content Subject to a Counter Notification.** If you submit a Counter Notification to Civitai in response to a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then Civitai will promptly provide the person who provided the Notification of Claimed Infringement with a copy of your Counter Notification and inform that person that Civitai will replace the removed User Content or cease disabling access to it in 10 business days, and Civitai will replace the removed User Content and cease disabling access to it not less than 10, nor more than 14, business days following receipt of the Counter Notification, unless Civitai’s Designated Agent receives notice from the party that submitted the Notification of Claimed Infringement that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the User from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on Civitai’s system or network.

- 12.7 **False Notifications of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notifications.** The Copyright Act provides at 17 U.S.C. § 512(f) that: “[a]ny person who knowingly materially misrepresents under [Section 512 of the Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512)] (1) that material or activity is infringing, or (2) that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by the alleged infringer, by any copyright owner or copyright owner’s authorized licensee, or by a service provider, who is injured by such misrepresentation, as the result of [Civitai] relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing, or in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it.” Civitai reserves the right to seek damages from any party that submits a Notification of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notification in violation of the law.

1.  **Modification of Terms.** We may, from time to time, change these Terms. Please check these Terms periodically for changes. Revisions will be effective immediately except that, for existing Users, material revisions will be effective 30 days after posting or notice to you of the revisions unless otherwise stated. We may require that you accept modified Terms in order to continue to use the Service. If you do not agree to the modified Terms, then you should remove your User Content and discontinue your use of the Service. Except as expressly permitted in this Section 13 (Modification of Terms), these Terms may be amended only by a written agreement signed by authorized representatives of the parties to these Terms.

2.  **Term, Termination, and Modification of the Service**

- 14.1 **Term.** These Terms are effective beginning when you accept the Terms or first download, install, access, or use the Service, and ending when terminated as described in Section 14.2 (Termination).

- 14.2 **Termination.** If you violate any provision of these Terms, then your authorization to access the Service and these Terms automatically terminate. In addition, Civitai may, at its sole discretion, terminate these Terms or your Account on the Service, or suspend or terminate your access to the Service, at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice, and without any liability to you arising from such termination. You may terminate your Account and these Terms at any time by following the instructions in your Account or contacting customer service at support@civitai.com.

- 14.3 **Effect of Termination.** Upon termination of these Terms: (a) your license rights will terminate and you must immediately cease all use of the Service; (b) you will no longer be authorized to access your Account or the Service; (c) you must pay Civitai any unpaid amount that was due prior to termination; and (d) all payment obligations accrued prior to termination and Sections 6.3 (Feedback), 7 (Ownership; Proprietary Rights), 14.3 (Effect of Termination), 15 (Indemnity), 16 (Disclaimers; No Warranties by Civitai), 17 (Limitation of Liability), 18 (Dispute Resolution and Arbitration), and 19 (Miscellaneous) will survive. You are solely responsible for retaining copies of any User Content you Post to the Service since upon termination of your Account, you may lose access rights to any User Content you Posted to the Service. If your Account has been terminated for a breach of these Terms, then you are prohibited from creating a new Account on the Service using a different name, email address or other forms of Account verification.

- 14.4 **Modification of the Service.** Civitai reserves the right to modify or discontinue all or any portion of the Service at any time (including by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the Service), temporarily or permanently, without notice to you. Civitai will have no liability for any change to the Service, including any paid-for functionalities of the Service, or any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the Service. You should retain copies of any User Content you Post to the Service so that you have permanent copies in the event the Service is modified in such a way that you lose access to User Content you Posted to the Service.

15. **Indemnity.** To the fullest extent permitted by law, you are responsible for your use of the Service, and you will defend and indemnify Civitai, its affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, managers, members, officers, employees, consultants, and agents (together, the “Civitai Entities”) from and against every claim brought by a third party, and any related liability, damage, loss, and expense, including attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or connected with: (1) your unauthorized use of, or misuse of, the Service, including User Content of other Users; (2) your violation of any portion of these Terms, any representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in these Terms, or any applicable law or regulation; (3) your violation of any third-party right, including any intellectual property right or publicity, confidentiality, other property, or privacy right; or (4) any dispute or issue between you and any third party. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of those claims.

16. **Disclaimers; No Warranties by Civitai**

- 16.1 THE SERVICE AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. CIVITAI DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE SERVICE AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING: (A) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; AND (B) ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE. CIVITAI DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE, OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICE, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND CIVITAI DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY OF THOSE ISSUES WILL BE CORRECTED.

- 16.2 NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE SERVICE OR CIVITAI ENTITIES OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY REGARDING ANY OF THE CIVITAI ENTITIES OR THE SERVICE THAT IS NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE SERVICE AND YOUR DEALING WITH ANY OTHER SERVICE USER. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY (INCLUDING YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE) OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, INCLUDING USER CONTENT.

- 16.3 THE LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION 16 (DISCLAIMERS; NO WARRANTIES BY CIVITAI) APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Civitai does not disclaim any warranty or other right that Civitai is prohibited from disclaiming under applicable law.

17. **Limitation of Liability**

- 17.1 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE CIVITAI ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ANY CIVITAI ENTITY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE.

- 17.2 EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 18.5 (COMMENCING ARBITRATION) AND 18.7 (ARBITRATION RELIEF) AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE CIVITAI ENTITIES TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ANY INABILITY TO USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR OTHERWISE UNDER THESE TERMS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (A) THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO CIVITAI FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCE GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM AND (b) US$100.

- 17.3 EACH PROVISION OF THESE TERMS THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS INTENDED TO AND DOES ALLOCATE THE RISKS BETWEEN THE PARTIES UNDER THESE TERMS. THIS ALLOCATION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 17 (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY) WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

18. **Dispute Resolution and Arbitration**

- 18.1 **Generally.** Except as described in Section 18.2 (Exceptions) and 18.3 (Opt-Out), you and Civitai agree that every dispute arising in connection with these Terms, the Service, or communications from us will be resolved through binding arbitration. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, is less formal than a court proceeding, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. This agreement to arbitrate disputes includes all claims whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of these Terms. Any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement will be resolved by the arbitrator.
  YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND Civitai ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

- 18.2 **Exceptions.** Although we are agreeing to arbitrate most disputes between us, nothing in these Terms will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to: (a) bring an individual action in small claims court; (b) pursue an enforcement action through the applicable federal, state, or local agency if that action is available; (c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law in aid of arbitration; or (d) to file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim.

- 18.3 **Opt-Out.** If you do not wish to resolve disputes by binding arbitration, you may opt out of the provisions of this Section 18 (Dispute Resolution and Arbitration) within 30 days after the date that you agree to these Terms by sending a letter to Civit AI, Inc., Attention: Legal Department – Arbitration Opt-Out, 447 Sutter St, Ste 405 PMB1283, San Francisco, CA 94108, that specifies: your full legal name, the email address associated with your Account on the Service, and a statement that you wish to opt out of arbitration (“Opt-Out Notice”). Once Civitai receives your Opt-Out Notice, this Section 18 (Dispute Resolution and Arbitration) will be void and any action arising out of these Terms will be resolved as set forth in Section 19.2 (Governing Law). The remaining provisions of these Terms will not be affected by your Opt-Out Notice.

- 18.4 **Arbitrator.** This arbitration agreement, and any arbitration between us, is subject the Federal Arbitration Act and will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (collectively, “AAA Rules”) as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at +1-800-778-7879, or by contacting Civitai.

- 18.5 **Commencing Arbitration.** Before initiating arbitration, a party must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other party by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (signature required) or, only if that other party has not provided a current physical address, then by electronic mail (“Notice of Arbitration”). Civitai’s address for Notice is: Civit AI, Inc., 447 Sutter St, Ste 405 PMB1283, San Francisco, CA 94108. The Notice of Arbitration must: (a) identify the name or Account number of the party making the claim; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”). The parties will make good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if the parties do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice of Arbitration is received, you or Civitai may commence an arbitration proceeding. If you commence arbitration in accordance with these Terms, Civitai will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than US$10,000 or if the Company has received 25 or more similar demands for arbitration, in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the AAA Rules. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules and the other party may seek reimbursement for any fees paid to AAA.

- 18.6 **Arbitration Proceedings.** Any arbitration hearing will take place in the county and state of your [residence/billing address] unless we agree otherwise or, if the claim is for US$10,000 or less (and does not seek injunctive relief), you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (a) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (b) through a telephonic or video hearing; or (c) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or parish) of your [residence/billing address]. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or Civitai must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based.

- 18.7 **Arbitration Relief.** Except as provided in Section 18.8 (No Class Actions), the arbitrator can award any relief that would be available if the claims had been brought in a court of competent jurisdiction. If the arbitrator awards you an amount higher than the last written settlement amount offered by Civitai before an arbitrator was selected, Civitai will pay to you the higher of: (a) the amount awarded by the arbitrator and (b) US$10,000. The arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding on all parties , except (1) for judicial review expressly permitted by law or (2) if the arbitrator's award includes an award of injunctive relief against a party, in which case that party shall have the right to seek judicial review of the injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction that shall not be bound by the arbitrator's application or conclusions of law. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

- 18.8 **No Class Actions.** YOU AND CIVITAI AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and Civitai agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.

- 18.9 **Modifications to this Arbitration Provision.** If Civitai makes any substantive change to this arbitration provision, you may reject the change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Civitai’s address for Notice of Arbitration, in which case your Account with Civitai will be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the changes you rejected will survive.

- 18.10 **Enforceability.** If Section 18.8 (No Class Actions) or the entirety of this Section 18 (Dispute Resolution and Arbitration) is found to be unenforceable, or if Civitai receives an Opt-Out Notice from you, then the entirety of this Section 18 (Dispute Resolution and Arbitration) will be null and void and, in that case, the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 19.2 (Governing Law) will govern any action arising out of or related to these Terms.

19. **Miscellaneous**

- 19.1 **General Terms.** These Terms, including the Privacy Policy and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference into these Terms, are the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and Civitai regarding your use of the Service. You may not assign or transfer these Terms or your rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. We may assign these Terms and all rights granted under these Terms, including with respect to your User Content, at any time without notice or consent. The failure to require performance of any provision will not affect our right to require performance at any other time after that, nor will a waiver by us of any breach or default of these Terms, or any provision of these Terms, be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of Section headers in these Terms is for convenience only and will not have any impact on the interpretation of any provision. Throughout these Terms the use of the word “including” means “including but not limited to.” If any part of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible, and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect.

- 19.2 **Governing Law.** These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles. You and Civitai submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within Kent County, Delaware for resolution of any lawsuit or court proceeding permitted under these Terms. We operate the Service from our offices in the United States, and we make no representation that Materials included in the Service are appropriate or available for use in other locations.

- 19.3 **Privacy Policy.** Please read the Civitai Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) carefully for information relating to our collection, use, storage, and disclosure of your personal information. The Civitai Privacy Policy is incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms.

- 19.4 **Additional Terms.** Your use of the Service is subject to all additional terms, policies, rules, or guidelines applicable to the Service or certain features of the Service that we may post on or link to from the Service (the “Additional Terms”). All Additional Terms are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms.

- 19.5 **Consent to Electronic Communications.** By using the Service, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more about our electronic communications practices. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing.

- 19.6 **Contact Information.** The Service is offered by Civit AI, Inc., located at 447 Sutter St, Ste 405 PMB1283, San Francisco, CA 94108. You may contact us by sending correspondence to that address or by emailing us at support@civitai.com.

- 19.7 **Notice to California Residents.** If you are a California resident, then under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at +1-800-952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding use of the Service.

- 19.8 **No Support.** We are under no obligation to provide support for the Service. In instances where we may offer support, the support will be subject to published policies.

- 19.9 **International Use.** The Service is intended for visitors located within the United States. We make no representation that the Service is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Access to the Service from countries or territories or by individuals where such access is illegal is prohibited.

- 19.10 **Notice Regarding Apple.** This Section 19 (Notice Regarding Apple) only applies to the extent you are using our mobile application on an iOS device. You acknowledge that these Terms are between you and Civitai only, not with Apple Inc. (“Apple”), and Apple is not responsible for the Service or the content of it. Apple has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Service. If the Service fails to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the mobile application to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation with respect to the Service. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Service or your possession and/or use of the Service, including: (1) product liability claims; (2) any claim that the Service fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; or (3) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any third-party claim that the Service and/or your possession and use of the Service infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Service. Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary of these Terms. You hereby represent and warrant that: (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
